Don't move!
Hands in the air!
I said drop it!
Clear!
Check the side room,
we're heading down
for Brooks, copy?
Hands, show me your hands!
Show me your hands, now!
Don't fucking move!
Damien Brooks,
you're under arrest.
Yeah.
Put the shit down.
Let's go.
And there he his.
Look at you slip.
Yeah, it looks that way.
So this is where you've
been hiding, in plain sight?
Well, I've been where
I've been sheriff,
I've not been hiding.
Right.
And all the same for
the Sinaloa cartel?
Yeah, me and El
Gordo are cool,
but this ain't him,
it ain't me either.
Look, I just came here
to pick me up some weed.
Fuck you.
I got you, possession
still puts you away.
Not what you were
hoping for though.
I'll see you in
about 10 years mate.
Yeah, give or take.
Get him out of my face.
See you around sherif.
At least four people are
confirmed dead tonight.
One British national and
members of the Sinaloa cartel.
Local sheriff under
investigation after a drug bust
turns deadly.
Sheriff Tucker,
can you tell me what
happened here tonight,
Sheriff Tucker?
New information tonight
as the has now placed
sheriff William Tucker
on administrative leave
pending an internal review,
after he led a failed
raid on an alleged illegal
marijuana operation.
We'll have more details as
the story continues to unfold.
Sheriff William Tucker has
officially been removed
from office.
Now his firing has
come under scrutiny
by the governor's office
as sheriff deputies claimed
the botched raid resulted
only in 10 pounds of marijuana
and a handful of
illegal weapons.
The deaths of three foreign
nationals took center stage
as the leader, Damien
Brooks known as the Brit,
has been sentenced to
five years for possession.
William Tucker has declined
any comment on his behalf.
Looking really good.
Yeah baby, you pound that.
Don't ignore me.
I know you can hear me.
Did you saw something?
Come lotion me up.
Can I literally get a
workout in without you asking
for something?
Uh, can I get something
before you getting a workout in?
Don't start girl.
Forget it.
Yeah.
Hey, don't yeah at me.
Who's this?
Who do you
think it is? Your daddy.
Fuck off, what do you want?
Where's your girl?
Doing Jack shit as usual.
Get her on too.
Psst!
All right, we're both on.
The babe and the bad ass,
you know, I kinda feel
it in my nut sack.
Uh, you wish baby.
- Are we on?
- We're on.
So what's the plan?
Our boy from London just
got out a few hours ago
and we're coordinating a
little meet up with him.
I'll text you once
I know what's what.
I have to find that
pain in the ass,
you know who I'm talking about.
I'll ring him in and get
him back on the job for us.
The brains.
He's probably tripping balls
on some Ayahuasca retreat
in Peru.
The brains, shit, he's
high as fuck right now
and you're going to have
to sober him up enough
to walk straight, much less
do what he has to do for real.
Yeah, I'll handle him.
You two just stay on ice.
My friend, proud papa,
his little girl is
about to become DA.
To your boy, they're making
us feel real old, don't they?
Salute.
Time is the enemy, right?
- What you did.
- I didn't do nothing.
You're the only one
that did a damn thing
and I know the price you paid.
Those two DEA fucks deserve
every inch of the beat down
you gave them.
Would you stop?
I only wish it
hadn't cost you career.
Yeah well, it ain't over.
You know what today is?
Today's the day that goddamed
chicken flies the coop.
I caught him.
Brit?
Yep.
I'm gonna do it again.
Redemption.
Bill.
Bill?
I gotta go.
Tucker?
Where are you going?
To work, I'll be back relax.
The water's hot,
the toilet works,
sorry this isn't the Ritz.
No, this is, uh, this is good.
These for me?
Don't lose them.
Do you have any
questions for me?
Are we clear on your curfew
and our meeting times?
- Yes ma'am.
- Good.
You know I got myself a
new pager, look at that.
Basically.
Okay so, in by sundown, we set
you up with a few interviews
to get you integrated
back into the system.
Everything you need is in
here along with a bus pass
and address of where
you need to go.
Now, you did time for weed
and weed is legal now,
so it's a little tricky.
We won't be on you as if you
had smuggled kilos of heroin
or Coke but nonetheless,
the law is the law
and I gotta do my job.
So don't be a in my ass and I
won't be pain in yours, copy?
Yes ma'am.
Happy about the TV though.
There's no cable, but
it comes with a fire stick
and the WiFi is
decent, you'll survive.
Just stay out of trouble Brooks,
and stop calling me ma'am.
Layla.
What?
What's a fire stick?
You'll figure it out.
Hey Jeff.
Here's your coffee.
Thank you.
You wanna take it for a ride?
Yeah.
Hey baby, hook your uncle
up with some vegan eggs.
On it babe.
Cool, I'm going to meditate.
Hey girly, how are you?
Hey cute girl, it's
so good to see you.
Want some of my vegan eggs?
Yeah like, I don't even
know how they make them
but they're yum, so yummy.
Oh Paulo, got up soon and
I accept your sweet kisses.
What the fuck
was all that about?
You're really here, Tony.
Yeah, I'm really here.
Oh, this is good,
this is good, come on.
And they're here too.
The vortex.
We're all here,
Cici, bring it in.
Fuck off.
Told you he'd be fucked up.
Jeff, you gotta come with us.
All right man, whatever dude.
Can we have some eggs first?
Baby, put some more
vegan eggs on the grill.
It's not eggs,
shit's going down.
Right here?
Shit's gonna go down right here,
little group love session?
All right, I think they're in.
Ew, gross, fuck no.
The Brit's here and
we have to rendezvous,
so clean up and whatever,
we gotta go, now,
Always the bossy
one, aren't you Janel?
And a hot one.
Now get dressed, let's roll.
Don't tell anybody.
but I think I projected
this, this moment.
I don't know what
the fuck that means.
But it's good to see you.
Hey, how'd you
even find me anyways?
This story.
I gotta really stop
posting on social media, man.
You're supposed
to be the brains,
you fucking suck at this.
You're not worried
about the cartels?
They wanna cut your
fucking head off
It wasn't my fault.
You like the dirty
white boys, don't you?
Shut up.
You're in the wrong
hood, motherfucker.
Stop, Kuko!
Come on!
Come on, man!
Stop Kuko, don't do this!
You don't have to do this
Where's the Brit?
I don't know, man.
- Where is he?
- I said, I don't know man.
Fuck, I don't know shit.
I don't know anything, I don't
fucking keep tabs on him.
You piece of shit,
don't think you can
fuck with the cartel
I was just trying to
fuck your sister, I swear.
I mean, I was not...
You're dead.
Oh fuck, come on please
don't fucking kill me.
Relax all of you, relax!
Relax, relax, relax, everybody
relax, we're getting our boy.
Be cool, back up.
Give me the frat boy,
that's it. Get up boy.
You've got some balls.
El Gordo heard about the
move you made on his shit.
Well, that's strange, cause
I didn't make any moves.
Yeah right, ese.
Then we hear one of
your boys in the hood
fucking with one of our own.
Yeah, okay.
Well, mate think about
it. love is love.
Fuck you.
Well, this is unnecessary.
Let's calm this thing
down, should we?
Bring it down, come on.
You really wanna shoot
fucking holes in each other
over a chick.
That chick is one of
El Gordo's daughters.
Nice job, fuck face.
I couldn't hold myself.
Yeah, of course.
Well, you know that
does change things.
But it ain't about her,
ese, this is about the money
that never made it to the DEA.
I have no fucking clue
what you're talking about,
but I do respect the situation.
Tell El Gordo, that we...
Hey,
easy man.
It's okay bro, it's cool.
I know it's cool.
We're leaving now, please tell
them to put the guns down.
Fuck you.
Put the fucking guns down!
Fuck that shit.
What's up ese?
Put 'em down.
On the floor.
Uh uh, baby.
We're leaving now.
Have a good night gentlemen.
Let's get these motherfuckers!
Let's go!
Get it moving, Cici.
Move that ass, Brit.
Get it moving Cici, go!
Come on, let's
have some vegan eggs.
Baby, put some more
eggs on the barby.
Nice.
You know, your swing's
getting better, Leo.
Yeah, what would you know?
You hate golf.
I don't hate golf, cause
I'm just not old enough
or bored enough to play it.
Or rich enough.
Well, I guess that's
why we are here, right?
That's right.
So you uh, ready to play
the back nine with me?
Call's been made,
all confirmed.
Got your caddies lined up?
Mh-mmh
Good.
Oh Leo, come on, you
can do better than that.
You're making me nervous.
I tell you what, you
meet me at the club house
and we'll see what's what.
Sounds like a plan.
There you go.
How's business?
Business?
Business is great, trust me.
Look at that.
Well, I see your swing's
getting better Leo.
Thanks.
Hey,
it's great to see you.
Game time.
That's beautiful.
Dude, what were you thinking
banging that cartel chick?
I was thinking about love
and ecstasy and coitus.
Look man, she came on to
me, I just merely obliged.
Obliged, you two
are some dumb asses.
You should change your names,
brawns and brains, get
the fuck outta here.
He's late.
Doesn't he have a curfew now?
Like they got him an ankle
bracelet and all that, right?
He can hack into anything
with a circuit board.
That's him right there.
Hey, how do you
think he got the ride?
Is there like a prison ride
share app or something?
No man, he's out of the
joint for five minutes,
and he got a free ride.
Holy fucking shit.
Good to see you brother.
You look good.
You too, buddy.
Good to see you.
Mr. Bentley.
Mr. Brooks.
How you doing?
Good to see you brother.
Come, bring your mama sugar.
Hey, that's mine,
cool it now buddy.
Get your hands off my girl.
Wait, you guys
are an item now?
Mh-mmh.
Going on three years.
She's a pain in the
ass, but I love her.
Love you too, babe.
Cool.
Come on, I missed you.
Good to see you.
So guys we all know
that prison sucks,
so we can bypass any
more asking that stuff.
You're about to
become millionaires.
Yeah!
Fucking A,
show us where to dig.
It's game time
ladies and gents.
Game time.
We always knew it was
going to take a load of years
to shake up the entire system.
But with the DEA shattering
and us fucking up
the entire cartel network,
they do not have the
juice they used to have.
That's where our strength lies.
El Gordo's underground, that
whole syndicate's disbanded.
Maybe a few of his ex
guys and sheriff Tucker,
he was onto us.
For a minute.
But now people would
rather Twitter their balls
than doing a Google search
looking for another legend.
You've been searching, right?
Anything on the Sinaloa case?
Not really, other than
some kid in El Centro
doing research papers.
That's what I'm talking
about right there.
Then what are we waiting for?
Let's get what we've
been waiting for,
cause I am sick of
this influencer shit.
We need our real cash, now.
What the fuck man, I'm
I missing something?
What's an influencer?
You see that ass?
She throws on a bikini
and takes a selfie
with some get skinny
milkshake and boom,
they send us $5000 a month.
All right, here we go.
Think skinny,
Aha.
No, uh uh.
Boobs.
Hold the bottle up.
Yes, that's it.
Think skinny.
I fucking am asshole.
But suck it in
though, suck it in.
Now give me some ass.
Aha, that's it.
What?
Yeah.
Serious.
Hang on man, I've only been
gone for five fucking minutes,
what happened?
I believe that we fractured
our space time dimension
into an alternate reality
where the collective of self
and society has
shifted the influence,
thus creating the current
universe we're in.
And let me tell you,
bro, it's not a good one.
Ain't that the truth?
I believe that shit, ancient
aliens, Prometheus, area 51,
the vortex, that shit's real.
The vortex.
We watch a lot
of history channel.
No way, it's fucking
bullshit man.
That's 100% true.
No, absolutely not.
Not true, bullshit.
Garbage, that's fiction, bro.
That technology did not exist.
No, it didn't, the
fucking oninaki came down,
gave the caveman laser beams
so they can cut that stone.
Look at how perfect that is.
Wait a minute, let
me get this straight.
You think fucking space fairy
creatures just came down
to earth and handed out
laser swords to homo erectus.
Yes I do, and what the
fuck are you laughing at?
What's so funny, that's science.
Crystals?
- Crystals turn...
- The more the better.
Damien, just tell us
our next move, babe.
Let's get our cash and get
the hell out of this country.
Yeah, I love to
hear that, love
So here's how it's
gonna go down.
So I'm assuming these
are up to date, yeah?
Yeah, give or take
a couple of weeks.
Just shut your fucking fluff.
Here we go, I've been
looking forward to this.
There you go, one
for you lovely lady,
and there's a couple for you.
You are going to have to
get to know these guys.
Both of them are douche
bags, early retirement
after the Sinaloa bust went bad.
Killed three kids
between them on duty.
Word in the street from my guys
is at they're still at homeless
just hanging out at the same bar
here in Coachella, right there.
Can't wait, right?
Circle jerk time.
These are guys who couldn't
possibly get drunk enough
to take or go home with them,
they'd be onto us in a snap.
We'll get creative,
don't worry.
No doubt about that.
You jealous?
Tiny bit.
You the only dick I ever had.
Now that's the kind of
stuff that makes me miss you.
Okay, what about us?
That's easy, I need you
guys to break into the old DEA
storage warehouse.
Get your hands on the hard
drive and the trash bag logs,
you know, from my old bust.
Check.
I wasn't going to
make it easy for them.
There's no way I was going
to let them find $33 million
in the desert in the
middle of nowhere.
You're a genius, man.
You couldn't even have told
them if you'd wanted to.
No that's what, what makes
them thirsty you know.
Human firewall.
So, we hack the
mainframe's database,
some shit like that.
And then we pull that shit out
and we put it on a floppy disk.
Yeah, a floppy disk, and then
we'll get in a time machine
and go back to 1987 and
put it into an old computer
in my sister's room and drink
Tang and watch scary movies.
What is wrong with you?
Maybe we'll go look
for a pot of gold
you leprechaun motherfucker.
Fucking dick warts
Ladies.
Yo, you have 48 hours to
pull this off from report.
Clocks ticking.
Oh yeah, I forgot.
I don't have a motor,
who's taking me home?
I got it.
Hey, I don't have
a motor either.
Fuck you, Jeff.
Can I, I gotta go with them.
Bye.
Same old Jeff.
He's like a
fucking 12 year old.
12 year old stoner.
So what's up with
you man, you good?
Yeah, I'm okay.
Really?
Yeah, I'm doing all right.
Look, I know
you're zan as fuck,
you are always very chill, but
Jesus, 6 years in the joint.
Well, a perfect heist takes
time, straight ahead buddy.
All these desert roads
look the fucking same.
Yeah, they do.
Look,
I'm not the guy to question
how you put all this together.
Honestly, man, like the ins
and outs kinda hurts my brain
when I think about it,
but I need that
money and I'm here.
What are you going to do
while we're doing out there?
Me?
I've gotta get a job.
Like a person,
like a real job job?
Yeah, one of those.
Mate, I'm on parole.
I gotta get a 9-5.
Right.
Like I said, a perfect
heist takes time, right?
You should take
a left hand turn.
When we get there, you drop
me around the corner, okay?
I'm being watched.
No shit.
Yeah.
Shit.
Here you go,
god bless you man.
Did this guy just
give you money?
Yeah, he did.
- And you took it.
- I did.
Thanks.
It's a nice day.
Really?
Yeah, look around.
Dad.
Would you stop?
I'm fine, just
been working late.
You're working?
You're retired.
They retired you.
Uh-hum.
Honestly, we're
worried about you.
Who's we?
Me and mom, obviously.
I'm not saying anything.
Well, your face
says everything.
Cut her a break,
that guy's harmless.
Okay look, I would
really, really love it
if you would come tomorrow,
when they swear me in.
I will, sure.
Yes, mom will be there
and he'll be there,
but you're my dad.
You'll always be my dad,
no matter how shitty
your life becomes.
My kid, District Attorney.
I get it from my daddy.
Okay.
Oh, I gotta go.
I love you.
Take a shower.
Bye DA.
But would you take it?
You can't just walk out
of an interview like that
Well, when you've been
the recipient of disrespect
like that I would wonder if
there is a law against it.
You just need a job, Damien.
I know, but this aint it.
Sorry.
No, absolutely not.
That's a lot...
Hold on, one second.
You ever fired a gun in
combat, actual line of duty?
You guys carry?
No, we don't, but I'm
just curious about you.
You know, just in case.
I mean, just in
case I fired a weapon
some point in my life.
Yeah, you don't
follow well, do you?
Yeah, that's what my mother
always used to tell me.
Your mom said that? Well,
let me tell you something here.
When you're out in
the field in combat,
mom's not gonna have your
back, so that's why I'm asking
Yeah.
It gets real out there.
I know you're thinking,
no it's a mini course,
gotta be safe, I
bring my family here,
but I'm telling you right now,
that down by the ninth hole,
some crazy shit goes down.
It's cool, I just don't see
the relevance, if I'm honest,
You don't see the what?
Relevance.
The relevance?
Relevance, there is
absolutely none of that required
for the job.
We have no relevance.
I see that.
Thank you.
Have a lovely, will you?
Damien, what the hell?
I mean look, this
guy, mini-golf?
I mean, it's funny but
kind of a waste of time.
Can I just set up
some SAB's myself?
Okay fine, but it
has to be approved.
That's fair.
Can I get some air?
Go.
Goodness.
Well, I don't understand
what you're so mad about.
Are you talking
about that waitress?
Is this about the waitress?
Leo.
Mr. Brooks.
Look what you've done to
the place, it look nice.
Thank you.
We're opening up another one
in may, we're really expanding.
I'd really liked you
to be part of my team.
Well, I'd like that very
much, pleased you considered me.
Wait a second, this
is the parole officer?
I'm sorry, did you get lost
looking for our model search?
Joking, joking.
Leo Cap.
Layla Lopez.
I'm here to make sure
Damien gets a job.
He says that you might be
the guy who might be able
to take a chance on him.
Well, we are in the
business of taking chances,
Miss Layla.
It's just Layla.
Okay, Layla, okay.
This is Francesca, she's
my VP of public relations.
And she'll be taking care
of him, watching over him
while he's working.
We'll take you up to
his new office, okay?
Can't wait to see
This is it.
This is what?
Damien's new office.
Wait, what?
This is bullshit.
No, I assure you it's not.
Mr. Brooks will monitoring
and filtering scam artists,
they're constantly
bombarding this casino.
From up here, he's secure and
way from any cash handling
or any real floor activity.
Zero interaction with any
of the dealers or cashiers,
he sees something suspicious,
he calls it in on the walkie
and basically he's my
eagle eye in the sky.
And provided he can pass
a standard drug test,
he can start work tomorrow.
I think that's more
than reasonable, Mr. Leo.
I guess what we need
now is a plastic cup.
Plastic cup.
Right away.
That went well.
You think you're slick?
Why, because I got a job?
No, because you're playing me
and you're playing the system.
Love, let's get one
thing straight, okay?
I'm not playing shit.
I got convicted
for smuggling drugs
and if you wanna get
technical, it's for weed.
And I believe that
is 100% legal now,
so if anyone is being
played by the system.
Whatever.
Something doesn't feel right.
Have you ever thought
of, I mean, just a concept,
have you ever thought of treating
me as a actual human being
rather than parole number 15
on your to do list for the day?
Because then maybe you would
see that not everything
is as you think it is.
Is that right?
Yeah, that's right.
Because then if you did that,
maybe you could consider
you and parole number 15, I
don't know, seeing a movie,
grabbing some food or something.
You're crazy.
Yeah, tiny bit.
But you know, in a fun way
not in some weird creepy
Norman Bates kind of way.
Right, and he
just loved his mama.
I rest my case.
Buckle up.
Yes ma'am.
Gracias mijita.
Ese, I just found out.
The Brit, he's out and
he's with his crew.
Here, in Califas
So do you want
us to bring him in?
Uno mas por favor.
You have somewhere to be?
Yeah, I'm on
watch, new parolee.
Who are you kidding, you've
been done with all that
by a mile.
Not even close, got
me a score to settle.
I'm going.
Tucker, don't you
even think about it.
This ain't over yet.
Bill?
Sheriff Tucker's
back in the saddle.
You got it.
All right.
Let's see if these access codes
are worth the price we paid.
Yes!
Ladies first.
Come on man, leave that
fucking thing, come on.
Dude, what are we looking for?
I want 3%.
It's a door.
That's a door.
That's the men's room.
Will you stop staring
at all the pictures?
We're looking for a door, not
a photograph of J Edgar Hoover
Oh shit.
Look at that.
The master vault,
and I found it.
It's not in a vault.
It's not?
Look at that, man.
Look at this, files,
these are the files.
I mean, come on, look at that,
this is like serious shit.
This is not what
we are looking for.
Come on, this is what we
wanted, employee records,
Oh, that has to be important,
they saved it on VHS.
It's VHS.
Yeah.
They're not going to store
anything important on VHS.
They're not?
Maybe they'll have
it on a floppy desk.
It's not even a floppy
disk, this is a CD ROM.
You're just being like
this because I found it
and you didn't, it's okay.
Because I told you, we're
not looking for a vault.
What are we looking for?
We're looking for a freaking
room, I told you a room...
This is a room.
This is a vault room,
we're looking for
like a server room.
What is this?
You're an idiot.
And this is a server.
What a fucking asshole.
Go fuck yourself.
You motherfucker, you
can't hit shit, look at you.
Fuck you, can't
shoot for shit,
that's why you can't hit shit.
And that's why I hit
your wife last night.
Oh, you didn't invite me, bro.
Nope.
Let's go.
All right, bud.
This is why I hate
coming to straight bars.
Like look, you got a frat boy
row and a bunch of club skanks
who can't get laid
by the life end.
Relax, let them have fun.
Are you having fun?
Hell yeah, badass.
Okay babe, time to clock in.
Shit.
I told you not to bring
that stupid fucking thing.
This is legit.
Legit, it's a
fucking vacuum cleaner,
and lower your voice.
No it's not, it's a waxer.
God, you're a fucking waxer.
Yeah, I waxed your mom's ass.
We'll talk about that later.
You know, why
don't you carry this,
you're the muscular one.
I'm the brains, I'm
supposed to be looking.
You're the brains, all right.
And you're the brawn.
Oh shit.
What did we do?
Be cool dude,
let me handle this.
What the fuck did you
tell those guys about me?
I said you were a great guy.
You're full of shit.
No, I'm not.
Did you always
have that mustache?
Maybe, or maybe it's
just an awesome cover.
I took theatrical makeup
classes in college.
You're full of shit.
No, I promise you
Which one of those are you on?
I'll take the one in brown.
Okay, what I'm
looking for is like a...
Should be a little
bigger than these
Seriously?
There's fucking Christmas
lights in that box,
this room's bullshit.
What do you expect, man,
it's turned into
a storage closet.
Dude, I can tell by
the back of your head,
you don't know what
the fuck you're doing.
Oh, really?
This has all the information
that we need on it.
This has the last known
whereabouts of the Sinaloa cartel,
this has the last known
whereabouts of the truck,
where the $33
million disappeared.
So I think if you
just give it a minute,
let this talk to this,
we'll be out of here.
Hurry the fuck up, man.
We're here because of you.
Tony listen, I know you
think that this whole thing
is my fault, but let me tell
you something, it's not.
I didn't bang El
Gordo's daughter.
Yeah, well it's not
my fault all right?
Yes, it is.
Think about it, I met
Olivia through Damien,
Damien introduced us.
So this is just a
big play by Damian,
he was taking El Gordo's
mind off of his money
and putting it
onto his daughter.
So he's more concerned with
me and his daughter hooking up
than he is his $33 million.
And when his $33 million
is being transported
across the desert, what happens?
It just magically disappears?
Or maybe that's
what Damien wanted.
We were just pawns
in his game of chess.
You were the diversion.
Right, I was the diversion.
Fucking Damien,
that's pretty slick.
You finally get it.
Man, I'm really proud of
you, welcome to the party.
Hack this fucking
thing, let's go.
Hey, what's up?
How you doing, gorgeous?
Just here having some fun.
Thanks for the drinks.
You're welcome.
How about you, you're
just having some fun too?
Yeah, same.
Cool.
Hey, hands up
fool, remember me?
Party at your guys
crib, all right?
Ladies, wait, what are
we getting into here?
Oh parties, I love parties.
Oh, there's a
party in my pants.
She likes parties a lot.
I got a party in my pants.
High five
High five!
Pants party,
it's a pants party.
Ew.
It's over here, come
over here with me.
It's so far.
I know, I know,
piggy back ride.
Oh, fuck me.
Oh yeah, this is ridiculous.
You're a grown man.
Oh God, okay.
Okay, get up on this,
come on, get on up.
Come on, before I have
to man handle you.
You good?
I'll get the car, throw
their asses in, yeah?
Yeah.
Oh shit.
Remember me?
- Fuck.
Papa wants to
speak to the Brit.
Damien, I'm not
interrupting anything, am I?
Hello, Layla.
No, I've just been working,
just doing my thing.
Long day at work, not
used to that you know.
Right, work.
- You okay?
- Uh-huh
Everything good?
I've been a good boy, didn't
get home late than my curfew,
didn't even touch this thing.
Let me see.
I'm doing as I'm supposed
to do, and now a check...
So parolee number 15,
you asked the other day.
Ready to catch that movie?
I mean, I could also put
this back on and go home.
Well,
you're buying.
No shit.
You barely just got a job.
It's true.
Hey, I gotta put
my shoes on again.
Hurry up.
Yes ma'am.
It's good to be out, you know.
It is.
I haven't seen
a movie in like,
Six years?
Yeah, six years.
I mean, we saw movies
but it wasn't in a
it wasn't in a
real movie theater.
I get it.
I used spend every
weekend at the movies,
I mean literally every
weekend, all weekend.
Such a nerd boy.
Any favorites?
Yeah, loads, too
many to mention.
I guess,
I guess I'm a Bond guy.
That explains a lot.
Why's that?
Danger, espionage, women.
That's me, every day.
The turn's the other way.
Taking me somewhere new, Layla?
Why, you're afraid of
taking you somewhere intimate
Mr. Brooks?
Kinda scared, but,
I can handle intimate.
Is this intimate
enough for you?
Yeah.
I could never have done
this before, not, you know,
not with a guy like you.
Oh, you mean an English man.
No, a parolee.
Look, we don't
have to do this,
we can go see a
movie, it's okay.
But I want to.
It's been a minute.
Dammit.
Women.
It was nice though.
Yeah.
William
Tucker, this is Francesca
with Mr. Leo's office.
He'd like to see
you at the casino.
- Who?
- Today.
Leo Cap.
Go, meet me in the office.
Sheriff Tucker,
welcome to Fantasy Springs.
So how'd you get my number?
That doesn't matter,
what matters is, how bad
do you wanna close the door
on that chase you've been
on for the last six years?
What are you talking about?
A friend of ours wanted me
to relay a message to you.
Is that right?
That's right.
And what's that?
I read in a paper a few
years ago that a couple
of your men killed a few
guys in a bust gone bad
over a couple of
pounds of marijuana.
Yeah, that's right.
Well, that same friend
wanted me to tell you
that ends today, 4:00 PM.
What's this, coordinates?
I'd go strapped if
I were you, sheriff.
I always do.
Yeah, it's me.
It's done.
Dude, it smells
like shit in here.
Like it actually smells like
a mix of carrots and shit.
We're gonna
fucking die here.
Fucking morons.
Shut the fuck up white boy.
That wasn't Cici.
I said, shut the fuck up.
The bags.
Hey.
Hey, white boy.
What are you
doing here, Olivia?
You never called me back.
Stop, Kuko?
Come on!
Don't do this Kuko, you
don't have to do this.
See, I told you she wanted me.
It's true, I did.
That was then, and this,
this is now.
And Papa wants to
speak to your boss.
Lady, we don't
know where he is.
We do.
Together again.
Yeah, as always.
You look good.
Thank you.
Look, we're not animals here,
we're just here to talk.
And I can think of about 33
million things to talk about,
you know?
Look, Olivia, I don't have
the money, I never have.
You can ask the DEA, fuck faces.
Wasn't my gentlemen, it
certainly wasn't my fuck up.
Oh no?
Absolutely not.
So maybe it was
their fuck up, right?
But they don't know
where the money went.
They said the Sinaloa bus was
delivered to a drop off point
in the middle of the Salton sea
and no one ever saw it again.
Everyone knows that
story, give me a break,
it's on the bloody internet.
- So it's legend now, right?
- That's right.
Millions buried
out in the desert.
Many people have tried to
find it, you know that?
Daddy even took sonar out there,
you know, excavation site guns.
You know what they found?
No.
Don't fucking
get cute right now.
You don't know,
no, they found bags of dirt
with X's sprayed on
them, buried deep.
So now, you tell
me what they are,
what you've been planning
and where the fuck is our money.
Olivia I...
The parole
officer is a nurse?
No dude,
it's his daughter.
Papa has been wanting to
talk to you for some time.
No misunderstanding,
Mr. Brooks,
only tell us where it is,
or your people are next.
My people are next for what?
Last chance Mr. Brooks.
Please.
Papa doesn't give
second chances, Damien.
Calm, correct and recall.
Kill them all.
Okay, okay, okay.
I'll tell you where the money is
but we've all got
to go, all of us,
including these fuck faces.
Maybe trusting me one
more time wouldn't hurt.
I'm sorry.
My daughters will take you,
that wasn't so hard, was it?
No.
Pride, is no good amigo.
When you think you're
too smart, it's not good.
This is not about who
is smart and who is not.
This is about money.
And this piece of shit
messing with my daughter.
No, you disrespectful
piece of shit!
Papa.
You happy?
We make $30 million a month,
you think I care
about that money?
No sir.
Fuck that money.
But respect has a fucking price,
and that price is $33
million or your heads
on a fucking spike!
So now, let's
take a ride, yeah?
Sounds like a good idea.
- Let's go Loco.
- I'll make it easy.
- Let's go.
- Fuck.
If this is all for nothing
and we're on some bullshit,
fake chase, de mata.
Calm down, Layla.
Fuck you, man.
So did your guys
bring what we need?
Of course we did.
I don't think you're
dressed for this ladies,
you wanna cut me free?
- Kuko.
- Fuck that.
Just do it Kuko.
You tricky white boy.
Well, I think it's gonna
probably take me all day
unless you cut my crew free.
Do it.
Hurry the fuck up Kuko.
Fucking asshole.
Okay well, give them
the disk, log them in
and answer the bypass code.
What?
Fuck that, no way, man.
Uh uh, I ain't
giving up my money.
You're not?
Jeff, just fucking do it.
No.
Jeff, what the hell?
Do you wanna die?
Listen to your girl white boy.
Fuck!
What's on the disk?
The actual GPS location.
Don't be putting
something that aint right,
my men will kill
you where you stand.
There, it's logged
in, you can do the rest.
I'm fucking done.
Okay, show
us where it is, Brit.
Come on, we don't got all day!
Jesus fucking Christ.
Officer down, 10:00,
This is sheriff Bill
Tucker, shots fired.
Track this call, send support.
What have you done?
They were essential to the
location you dumb fuck!
Who are you calling
dumb fuck, ese,
I'll blast your ass too.
No, you won't Kuko, stop.
Calm your man down.
Yeah, you're right.
You know, because this fucker
executes two men
for taking a step,
you trigger happy mother fucker!
Olivia, say the fucking
word, fuck this money.
What do you mean
fuck the money?
Daddy's going to be pissed.
Who cares?
- I fucking care.
- What am I doing guys?
You're fucking answering
the code white boy.
Fucking do it.
Wait.
No, don't wait.
Don't fucking wait.
Don't touch that
fucking thing, Jeff.
Fuck!
Cover!
Stay safe.
Cici, start the car now!
Let's go!
What the fuck's happening!
Mate, piss off, I've got this.
Come on!
Jeep is carrying the
daughters of Sinaloa cartel boss
Joje Gordinez,
suspects in second SUV
belong to Damien
Brooks, copy that?
That's far enough.
Looks like you got
me again, sheriff.
Did I?
I don't know what to tell you.
You're going to
jail all over again,
all these men are
dead because of you.
Yeah, DEA, crooked as fuck.
Couple of murdering
shit bags back there.
You don't know that.
Don't I?
Sheriff go home, spend some
quality time with your daughter.
What'd you say?
I said go home, enjoy life.
I mean, isn't that what
the fuck it's about?
Fucking enjoying life.
There is no money.
This was all for
nothing, Brooks,
just tell me it
was all bullshit.
I'm leaving now,
this is goodbye.
You're not going anywhere.
I am, this can be the
end here, Mr. Tucker.
For both of us.
I'll kill you
were you stand, son.
I ain't got nothing
else, this is it.
You lost your life,
I took that from you,
that's on me.
Let me make it right, give
it all back and some more.
Think about it.
You just took down
the second in command
of the Sinaloa cartel,
you got a squad back there
on the FBI's most wanted
list, and there's a laptop
that belongs to El Gordo's
daughter with the IP addresses
of their now on
unencrypted communications.
That's a huge fuck
up for the syndicate.
They'll reward you
for this, sheriff.
And for us, I think
there's some wonder in it.
Let's close the door on
this right, shall we?
You won't see me again.
I don't know, and the money?
They say it's buried
out there somewhere.
Right.
Who knows?
See you around, sir.
El Da de los Muertos,
beautiful, right?
Yes it is.
Thank you for coming today.
I know it's not your thing.
No, I wouldn't miss it,
it was a nice ceremony.
Well, you proud
of your little girl?
Mh-mhh.
I got something for you.
Dad.
Go on sweet heart, open it.
Hey, I'm done, it's over.
I just want to be your
dad now, if that's okay.
Thank you.
Come here.
I love you Jamie.
Hello?
Layla.
Damien, you're fucking crazy.
I think so.
You know we're going to
find you and your crew.
Papa will hunt you down.
Well, it's a big wide
world, I'll take my chances.
What, you're making that
last dramatic phone call
to the girl who got
the drop on the Brit?
You won't have an old cop
to save your ass next time.
No, it's not that phone call.
Just a polite one letting
you know it's over.
But I'm not, who do
you think runs shit now?
Well, good for you.
Game fucking on.
See I, I think
I'm done with games,
but I do want you to ask
yourself one question.
Where's your sister?
You okay?
Yeah.
These fucking girls man.
You beautiful son of a bitch.
- Champaign.
- Nice.
Great to see you.
Ladies, you look
gorgeous, champagne on me.
Thank you lovely.
This guy.
Come here brother.
Great to see you.
Shall we toast?
Not without me.
There he is.
Ola.
Hey, and here
she is, a wild card.
Guess daddy's going
to be mad at me.
Salute.
So Mr. Brooks,
how did you do it?
You wanna tell?
No, you tell her.
Come on, you do it, I'm tired.
All right look, me and
Damien had been running drugs
for your dad for years.
And once we found out
about the DEA bust,
Damien decided it was time to
make a little retirement plan.
Our good friend, Mr. Leo Cap,
he happens to be best friends
with the head of
the truckers union.
Big Paul, it's
great to see you.
This is for you, tell
your boys next shipment
is on Thursday.
We'll be ready, we'll have
the boys circle the wagon.
Thanks buddy.
The car wash, that was
just the perfect cover.
We took the trucks that
were heading in the carwash,
diverted them into the
middle of the desert,
we swapped the cash for dirt,
but somebody was gonna have
to take the fall.
Well, you know,
this guy in prison.
No way.
I'd have been fine in prison.
So I did the stretch,
bought Jeff here some
time to make plans
for the second
half of this thing.
And we knew your father
would be on to us,
because we took his money
and my buddy here
took his little girl.
Look I knew your
father would be out for blood
as soon as I made parole.
And the data disk drive thing,
they're just virus
trackers for the cartels.
And those two DEA guys.
Bad dudes.
Well, they're dead now.
They got done for human
trafficking, but fuck them.
We knew there were murderers
on the payroll for the cartel
and they did know the last
known location of the shipment.
Yeah, but what they didn't
know is how big of a raging
hard on the sheriff would
have to bust your ass.
He did.
And then your sister becoming
his parole officer, I mean,
that was up with that.
So once we figured it all
out, we used the sheriff
and Layla as pawns to bring
them all out into the open.
Then the Sheriff swoops
in, saves the day,
sets things right,
everybody wins.
And as for you and me, mi amor,
you wanted out, your
sister's the boss now,
she's probably going
to fucking kill us.
And I think, being millionaires,
we'll have no problem
hiding from her.
Okay, okay, but
where's the cash?
Leo?
All right.
I've been cleaning that
money for five years.
The shipment's been on Rezland
since the very beginning,
and no pain in the ass,
DEA, FBI or cowboy cops
were able to get
anywhere near it.
There's nothing like
an urban legend,
keep people wanting and looking,
buried treasure, MacGuffin,
all that Hollywood bullshit.
And what's it worth now, Leo?
With interest, $51.2 million.
I like that.
- Cheers thots.
- I'll drink to that.
Where are we going?
Uh, anywhere the fuck we want?
Yeah, you choose.
I'm gonna take a nap.
Just make sure there's
sunshine, okay?
Papa, Olivia.
Olivia?